# P3 - Pandas Analysis
### *Presentations will be Dec. 13*
## *Compare and contrast data sets*

Your teams objectve is to produce a program that will help you analyze data. By comparing and contrasting data sets, find the most interesting, unlikely, or unexpected correlations you can.

### The Program
While the specifics of the program are up to you, it should be able to make analyzing data easier, and help produce a meaningful result for you.

Technical requirements:
- The program must be written in Python - The Program
- You must complete and present your teams own work:
    - plagerism of any kind will not be tolerated.
    - you may (and are encouraged to) collaborate and assist others in the cohort.
    - AI may be used to assist, not to do the work for you. 
        - asking ChatGPT how to generate a random value is fine.
        - asking ChatGPT to develop a program for you is not.
- The program must run without errors.
- The program should produce some output to help you present your conclusions.

### Data Sources
Your program needs to perform comparisons on multiple data sources. Get creative, and try to find as dis-similar data as possible, while still having one thing in common that you can use to relate the data sets to one another. **Data sets do not need to all share the same commonality. Data sets need only relate to one other data set.**

Technical requirements:
- Be open in nature (no paid data sources)
- Be available in CSV (comma separated value) or JSON (javascript object notation)
- Contain at least 200 individual entries

### The Presentation
You should present the conclusions your team has drawn from your analysis.

Technical requirements:
- Your presentation should describe any conclusions that your team was able to draw from your data comparisons.
- You should include a visual representation of each comparison to help illustrate your findings.
- Your presentation should include a demonstration of running your program
    - This should NOT require opening code files, only executing the code.
    - This should demonstrate how your program produces whatever output you are presenting.
- Some questions your presentation could answer are:
    - How many data sources did your team compare?
    - How many different analysis did your team perform?
    - How many different data sets was your team able to compare based on individual relationships between the data?
    - What was the most obscure relationship that your team found between data sets? (Set A and set C have no points of comparison, but both share one point with set B. Therefor sets A, B, and C can be compared against each other.)
    - What correlations did your team discover?
    - What causations can your team assume based on those correlations?